Add optional arg timeout to command pan-os-register-user-tag (#18270)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_9_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Add optional argument `timeout` to command `pan-os-register-user-tag`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the argument *timeout* to command ***pan-os-register-user-tag***.
```

> - Update the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.1.27636*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.1.27636*.
```
